tiup: add 4 docs mirror-mirror/merge/modify/sign.md (#5285)
pingcap/docs: tiup/tiup-command-mirror-sign.md

---
title: tiup mirror sign
---

# tiup mirror sign

> The `tiup mirror sign` command is used to sign the metadata files (*.json）defined in TiUP [mirror](/tiup/tiup-mirror-reference.md). These metadata files might be stored on the local file system or remotely stored using the http protocol to provide a signature entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tiup mirror sign` command is used to sign the metadata files (*.json）defined in TiUP [mirror](/tiup/tiup-mirror-reference.md). These metadata files might be stored on the local file system or remotely stored using the HTTP protocol to provide a signature entry.
```

## Syntax

```shell
tiup mirror sign <manifest-file> [flags]
```

> `<manifest-file>` is the address of the signed file, which has two forms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<manifest-file>` is the address of the file to be signed, which has two forms:
```

> - Network address: start with http or https, such as `http://172.16.5.5:8080/rotate/root.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Network address, which starts with HTTP or HTTPS, such as `http://172.16.5.5:8080/rotate/root.json`
```

> - Local file path: relative path or absolute path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Local file path, which is a relative path or an absolute path
```

> If it is a network address, this address must provide the following functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it is a network address, this address must provide the following features:
```

> - Supports access with `http get`, at this time the complete content of the signed file (including the signatures field) should be returned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supports the access via `http get` that returns the complete content of the signed file (including the `signatures` field).
```

> - Supports access with `http post`, the client adds this signature to the signatures field of the content that is returned by `http get` and POST to this address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supports the access via `http post`. The client adds the signature to the `signatures` field of the content that is returned by `http get` and posts to this network address.
```

## Options

### -k, --key

> - Specifies the location of the private key used for signing the `{component}.json` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specifies the location of the private key used for signing the `{component}.json` file.
```

- Data type: `STRING`

> - Default: "${TIUP_HOME}/keys/private.json"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- - If this option is not specified in the command, `"${TIUP_HOME}/keys/private.json"` is used by default.
```

### --timeout

> - Specifies the access timeout of the network when signing through the network. The unit is in seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specifies the access timeout time for signing through the network. The unit is in seconds.
```

> - Data type: `int`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data type: `INT`
```
